[ASAKAZE sighs]
Sure this is the place, man?
[NAGARA]
Mm‐hmm. I'm pretty sure of it.
Okay, well, bon voyage!
[NAGARA]
Wait, I‐‐
[water bubbling]
[NAGARA gasps]
[RAJDHANI] So how did it go?
What was That This World like?
Pretty harrowing. We'd be dead
if it weren't for Asakaze.
[ASAKAZE]
Just doing my job.
Oh, yeah? Well, thanks,
mister cool.
[NOZOMI] And Nagara
found another portal.
What excellent news.
That's 13 he's found this week.
All by coincidence?
That's right.
It just kinda happens.
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm... Coincidences, huh?
[RAJDHANI] So I put together a
little report on Nozomi's power.
For the past month,
I had her try and observe
this strange light that
her "Compass" points to,
but I haven't figured out
what it is yet.
If we approach it, it always
seems to maintain about
the same distance,
and we're not able to affect it
in any way.
My hypothesis is: it exists in
a domain we can't observe.
[ASAKAZE] If that's true,
how are we gonna reach it?
Yeah, I know.
That's the big question.
[ASAKAZE]
Plus, she's the only one
who can see the light, right?
Are we absolutely
sure it exists?
[NOZOMI] Oh, it does. And I
have zero doubts about that.
Okay, is it a way out?
Startin' to rain.
[RAJDHANI]
There may be other powers
that we don't even
know about yet.
Understanding the
This World we're in now,
its connection to the school,
and investigating the light
may lead us home.
[ASAKAZE]
Yeah, maybe so.
But still, what is this world,
anyway, huh?
And these powers...
Who gave 'em to us?
[MACHI] Murayama's been
missing, but we found him
in the jungle yesterday.
Though, he's in
a strange condition.
Here's a picture of him.
[STUDENT 03A]
Crazy...
‐‐[STUDENT 03A] Is he a zombie?
‐‐[STUDENT 03B] Man...
[MACHI] Does anybody have any
insight on how this happened?
Like, is this another
weird rule of the island?
Or did someone else's
power do this to him?
Anyone see anything?
Yeah.
This may be a totally unrelated
thing, but that guy Inuyama
also disappeared
about a week ago.
A week ago? How come
you didn't say anything then?
[OKUJIRI] Uh, well, kinda
thought someone else would.
Turns out, nobody really
seemed to notice he was gone.
‐‐[thunk]
‐‐[gasping]
[MACHI clears throat]
We need to find out if
there has been some kind
of accident and investigate
this "freezing" phenomenon.
Volunteers?
You are aware that
not everyone has the time
or crazy superpowers,
aren't you?
Yes, of course.
Huh?
You've got plenty of time on
your hands these days, right?
Not a bad idea to
work with the rest of us‐‐
[MIZUHO]
No.
Well, how about
we take a vote on it?
That'd be fair.
Yeah, fine. I'm in.
[MACHI]
Oh? Then, by all means.
‐‐[HOSHI] Mm.
‐‐[clapping]
It's a lot for just one person,
so I'm gonna need an assistant.
[NAGARA]
Why'd you pick me, anyway?
I don't think I'll be
much help with this stuff.
Cool. Hush, please.
[sniffing]
[MURAYAMA] All right,
so I was thinking about
streaming again today,
and after some searching around,
I think I've found the
perfect game! Check this out!
[MIZUHO]
Whoa, is this guy for real?!
Why d'ya say that?
He's live‐streaming!
Seriously? Like, how?
Yeah, I'd like to know, too.
[beeping]
[MIZUHO] Whatever,
let's find what's‐his‐name.
[MIZUHO gasps]
There he is.
[beeping increases]
[MIZUHO]
Hey, are you Inuyama?
Yup, it's him.
[NAGARA]
Same deal as Mura.
He streaming, too?
No.
Huh. What is he doing?
[INUYAMA]
One, two, three, four...
[NAGARA]
He's working out.
[MIZUHO]
Listen...
I know what these
dudes have in common.
[NAGARA]
Oh, yeah?
[MIZUHO] From what I can tell,
no one really notices
if they're hanging
around or not.
That's why nobody said
anything when they split.
But... we still
gotta figure out
why they're frozen like this.
Seems like a good thing
to start with, don't ya think?
Starting, how?
Basic sleuthing.
We question everyone involved.
Okay. I guess so
[MIZUHO]
Look. Just so you understand...
[NAGARA]
Hmm?
...I'm the boss here,
and you're my assistant,
so keep your mouth shut,
ears open, and do what I say.
We clear?
Yeah, we're clear.
Great.
[GEN meows]
Oh, here you go.
It's lunchtime.
[MIZUHO]
No, don't sweat it.
Thanks a lot.
If you can give me stuff,
why does everyone else
have to settle up with you?
[MIZUHO gulps] 'Cause here and
now, that's just how it works.
Did rich folks give you free
stuff back in the real world?
[NAGARA]
No, but still...
Then what's your problem, huh?
[NAGARA] It's just that,
on the app, you have to pay
every little bit you owe,
like, as soon as possible,
or your stuff gets burned up
by that blue fire.
Which means everyone has
to work all day, everyday.
Yeah, and so what?!
It was like that before, right?!
Things cost money,
which is why ya gotta work.
That's reality and capitalism.
Ya know?
[MUTSU]
Mura?
He seemed fine to me.
I mean, I never noticed that
anything was up with him before.
He turned pitch‐black
and stopped moving?
You don't think it's some
kinda weird disease, do you?
I hope it's not contagious.
Yeah, we don't know.
[STUDENT 03D]
Stop slacking off!
‐‐[MIZUHO] Ugh.
‐‐Oh, that guy?
I had heard he was
trying to be a streamer.
But, apparently,
he had zero subs.
Does that have anything
to do with this?
[ACE]
Inuyama? Inuyama... Huh.
I'd heard he was here
until not too long ago.
You don't remember?
Uh. kinda do.
I think that he just ghosted.
I didn't notice.
I see. We're done here.
[ACE]
Hey, wait up.
You should hang out a while.
I think it would be pretty cool
to be friends with you.
Oh, ya think so? Wanna get
close to my power, huh?
[ACE]
Tch.
So tell me, why the heck
are your cats here with us?
[MIZUHO]
They aren't mine.
Actually, they all belong
to my grandmother.
[MIZUHO] But she ended up
getting dementia,
and now she's in a home.
Apparently, nobody wanted to
look after these little guys,
and they were gonna be put down.
So I decided to just
stuff 'em in my bag.
[MIZUHO]
Gonna tell anyone?
[NAGARA]
Naw, even if I did...
[MIZUHO] What's more...
I could use my power
before all this, too.
[NAGARA]
Huh?
‐‐[thud]
‐‐[GEN] Mrowr.
[MIZUHO]
Oh, what a good widdle boy.
Wait, so how did that work?
I don't know, but I could
only use it at school.
[MIZUHO] I'm sure other people
had super powers then too.
Not just me.
[NAGARA gasps]
[STUDENTS chatting]
A strange power
you can use at school.
[HOSHI]
Huh...?
Oh? I thought I heard someone.
What's goin' on?
[NOZOMI]
I'm just a little concerned.
Think this has something
to do with this world?
Or is it someone's power?
Yeah, good question.
[NOZOMI] We're stuck here
with these fires
and weird random rules,
and it's been like that
ever since it all started.
[HOSHI]
Hmm?
[NOZOMI]
It's almost like someone
is testing us, or something.
[HOSHI]
Yeah, and who would that be?
Any idea?
[NOZOMI] You knew this
would happen, didn't you?
The school drifting, and us
being lost wherever we are.
[NARRATOR]
You'll soon be going adrift.
Headed into a world
governed by the absurd.
Oh? Then tell me all about it.
[HOSHI] Mm‐hmm! There's a voice
that tells me things.
Huh?
So I knew beforehand,
like answers on a test.
So, then, whoever
that voice is must be...
Yeah. I wonder.
It looks like we're not going
to find anything without Nagara.
I'm just having
a little bad luck.
I can do it without him.
[RAJDHANI] You've been
saying that for three days.
Hold on, Tora, when exactly
did I order this stuff?
I asked you to bring me
canned tuna, remember?
[TORA growls]
What's with
the bad attitude, buddy?
Well, fine, no dinner
for you tonight.
[TORA hisses]
‐‐[CAP guffaws]
‐‐[MIZUHO] Don't you hiss at me.
[MACHI]
Stop screwing around!
Look, this is no time
for games, okay?!
We're actually losing people!
Yes, and I've been
working on it!
Well then, what have
you turned up so far?
[NAGARA] Hmm. Okay, here's
what we've come up with.
Since the victims
were all oddballs,
and didn't really have
any friends here to speak of,
it seems pretty likely that
their exclusion from the group
has something to do with it.
Someone's picking on them.
[MACHI] Like, it's
somebody's power, or what?
Any other idea?
So then, maybe we should
look at the power list?
[BOTH grunt]
[CAP] Hoshi asked us to do a
survey and put together a list
of everyone's super powers,
just in case anything happened.
So, whatcha wanna know?
We're trying to find out if
anyone here has a power
that could be related
to this "freezing."
[HAYATO]
I want this!
[HAYATO] There's a lot
that we don't know,
but we have a pretty good grasp
of everyone's powers.
[HAYATO] Of course, there
are some powers that have
some pretty surprising effects,
and some that are
incredibly complicated.
Wow, so you're an A rank?
What's your power?
[HAYATO]
Hmm.
[HAYATO] My finger turns
into a light! Cool, huh?!
[chuckles]
That's it?
That's an A rank?
[HAYATO]
Whaddaya mean? It's awesome!
Like in that movie!
Ugh. Doesn't seem to be any
powers similar to freezing.
But I don't know how much faith
we should even put in the list.
[HAYATO]
Whoa, look who's here!
'Sup?
Heard you haven't
cracked the case yet.
And Pony kinda blew up at you.
Yeah, it's taking a little time.
[ASAKAZE]
Whatever the deal is,
you don't have to go
back there with us.
Huh?
'Cuz we can handle
things without you.
And Nozomi's fine.
She told me earlier that she
didn't really need your help.
Oh, good to know.
What? You mad?
All you gotta do is ask me, man.
Even though you slow me down,
I can stick up for you‐‐
[NAGARA]
No, it's fine.
Okay then, that settles it.
Sorry to interrupt you.
No, it's all my fault.
I bailed on you guys.
So, thanks for‐‐
[gasps]
So awesome!
[phones beeping]
[NAGARA]
That's Kaga, right?
[phones beeping]
[beeping]
Hey, what was
all that about earlier?
What was he trying
to talk you out of?
[NAGARA]
None of your business.
It was so annoying
watching you with that guy.
Why would you thank him?
You didn't even believe
a word you told him.
[NAGARA]
I'm not worried.
[MIZUHO]
Liar.
You really think Asakaze
is a total scumbag, don't you?
Like, you'd much rather
punch him in the nose.
[NAGARA]
Just shut up, will ya?
I said, it's fine. I don't care.
So lame.
You just don't have
the guts to fight him.
[NAGARA] I know that
I couldn't beat him, so.
[MIZUHO] Does "beating him"
really matter?
[BOTH gasp]
[MIZUHO gasps]
[NAGARA gasps]
[BOTH grunt]
Um, hey.
[KAGA gasps] Hold on,
what are you guys doing in here?
Well. I'm Nagara,
from Class 3.
You got a minute?
Listen, everyone's worried
and looking for you, you okay?
[KAGA sighs]
You think you'd wanna
come back with us?
[KAGA]
You don't have to lie, man.
Nobody's worried about me.
It's true. No one
really gives a crap.
Must be nice to be gifted.
You guys really
have it all, don't you?
You can easily push
guys like me around.
So Kaga, how'd you end up here?
I don't know.
I just kept thinking I'd had
enough of everything,
and suddenly, here I was.
[NAGARA]
It just kinda happened?
[KAGA] I think God finally
heard me and granted my wish.
[NAGARA]
Huh.
Hey, how the hell
did you get in here?
[NAGARA] Well, these blackout
curtains are connected.
[MURAYAMA]
What are you talking about?
Is this not the only room?
Nobody's watching
your stream, are they?
[MURAYAMA groans]
In here playing
your game all by yourself.
[sighs]
[MIZUHO groans]
When I'm in here, I can do
whatever I wanna do
with my free time.
You can be a real outcast,
and no one's here
to make fun of you.
[AYA]
I don't wanna have to work.
It's nice in here.
I get it, the freeze is
another rule in this world.
Feel kinda silly
for getting worried‐‐
all these kids are
just nerdy loners.
‐‐Don't call them that.
‐‐[phone beeps]
[MIZUHO]
Hmm?
Ugh.
[MACHI] You think you guys
can get them outta there?
And if you can somehow, will
those creepy statues of them
go back to normal?
Prob'ly. But they're not just
gonna come out on their own.
So what are we gonna do?!
You have a strategy in mind?
Not just yet, no.
Well, how about we ask Asakaze
to go and yank them out
by force? That would
do the trick.
All of them told us that
they don't want to come out.
We can lure them out with stuff.
Won't fix the issue.
[MIZUHO sighs] I can't
believe I actually thought
you would be helpful,
was I wrong, or what?
[NAGARA]
What do you mean? I'm just‐‐
[MIZUHO] This is the
exact reason why Nozomi
is giving up on you!
Why'd you say that?
I don't know if she likes you,
but she's been following
you around like a puppy.
Kinda gross if you ask me.
Hey, that's not how it is!
There's my point!
Why do you care? It's none
of your business, anyway!
You gotta do better! That
attitude won't help anybody!
There're things you
don't know until you decide
to deal with them!
[NAGARA sighs]
Ah, now I see.
It finally clicked.
[MIZUHO]
Hmm?
It makes sense why you'd offered
to conduct this investigation.
You wanted to see
how powerless you are.
Huh?
[NAGARA] You're a nerdy
loner, too, right?
So you lied about using your
power before this all started,
as some kind of flex.
[MIZUHO growls]
And you're still
just like that, huh?
It's why you still
charge for your stuff.
Huh...?
[MIZUHO]
Rot in Hell.
[CAP gasps]
[RAJDHANI]
Seems the investigation
isn't going so well.
[NOZOMI] You're looking
kinda down in the dumps.
[NAGARA sighs]
I hope you know that
we wouldn't've made
any of this
progress without you.
Yeah?
Yeah, of course.
Asakaze's all talk.
He can't find
anything on his own.
Seriously?
So, how are you?
Make any progress on the case?
We found all of
the frozen people.
But, like, they totally
hate life here,
and are hiding from everything.
‐‐[NOZOMI] Huh?
‐‐But where were they hiding?
Hard to say.
In this weird kind of zone with
these huge blackout curtains.
They keep going on
for as far as I could see.
But there are a bunch
of gaps in them,
kind of like pockets, or rooms.
That's where they are.
Wait, are you saying that you
found portals to other worlds
outside of the school?
I'm not entirely sure
what they are.
The thing that we found
in the AV lab, remember?
Like that?
[NAGARA]
Mm...
Another portal?
[NAGARA]
Hmm.
[MIZUHO]
Freakin' idiot!
Why is he so aggravating?!
[snarls]
It's so frustrating!
[TORA, GEN purring]
Meh. Honestly, I probably
went a little overboard.
‐‐[phone beeps]
‐‐[MIZUHO] Hmm?
[MIZUHO]
He's chomping at the bit, huh?
[NAGARA]
As strange as it seems,
this is just the way
that this world works.
[NAGARA] Those who are excluded,
are removed.
It's one of the rules here.
They didn't just
"become reclusive."
It's something
totally different.
It's always tough‐‐talking
about what's in your heart.
[MURAYAMA]
Huh? Hmm.
[MIZUHO] I'd say this case
has been fully resolved.
Look, about what I said...
I was just being snarky.
‐‐I didn't mean it‐‐
‐‐We both were, okay?
We're good, don't worry.
The portal's
disappeared. It's gone.
[RAJDHANI] Hmm. It's not over
at the school anymore either.
So it seems it was that world
causing people to freeze.
[NOZOMI]
Guess so.
How'd they even find
a portal out here?
Not sure I understand that part.
I kinda have an idea.
I'm thinking maybe Nagara
does have a power.
[NOZOMI] Like, his power is the
ability to leap into new worlds.
[RAJDHANI gasps]
These portals‐‐are just
a product of that.
Huh, this a
super‐power holdover?
[HOSHI]
A savior?
Who in the world could that be?